README.md, before:

# aivie

*aivie* is a project that aims to generate literature while giving it meaning through different mediums and visual media. Poems have been generated randomly through the assignment of words to a given parts-of-speech structure. Here are some examples:
>**How her pinnacle disobeys!<br>
we ascend yet freely connect<br>
how we seem intense<br>
sound intense<br>
what tells<br>
we may be passionate.**
___
>**It obeys against the summer towards the navy autumn covers<br>
it daintily fills<br>
at a cliff and seas for vulnerable wave<br>
original so staunch<br>
charcoal yet chartreuse<br>
its cave lies<br>
she diagnoses in a coral moon<br>**
___
>**Gorgeous and feldspar<br>
mountains justify<br>
immediately  electrify<br>
the earthy water<br>
celestial brass**<br>
___
*aivie* is a WIP, so more is coming.<br>

## Setup
1. `cd aivie` - navigate to folder
2. `pip install requirements.txt` - install dependencies
3. `cd src_poem` - navigate to src folder
4. `python poem.py` - generate a poem

Commit message:

added info for poem generation

README.md, after:

# ***aivie***

*aivie* is a project that aims to generate literature while giving it meaning through different mediums and visual media. Poems have been generated randomly through the assignment of words to a given parts-of-speech structure. Here are some examples:
>**How her pinnacle disobeys!<br>
we ascend yet freely connect<br>
how we seem intense<br>
sound intense<br>
what tells<br>
we may be passionate.**
___
>**It obeys against the summer towards the navy autumn covers<br>
it daintily fills<br>
at a cliff and seas for vulnerable wave<br>
original so staunch<br>
charcoal yet chartreuse<br>
its cave lies<br>
she diagnoses in a coral moon<br>**
___
>**Gorgeous and feldspar<br>
mountains justify<br>
immediately  electrify<br>
the earthy water<br>
celestial brass**<br>
___
*aivie* is a WIP, so more is coming.<br>

## Setup
1. `cd aivie` - navigate to folder
2. `pip install requirements.txt` - install dependencies
3. [Instructions for generating poems](./src_poem/INFO.md)
4. [Instructions for generating images](./src_generation/INFO.md)
